coninue:proofread (#2477)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/development/data_structures.md

### 3.3 SQL

> Metadata is stored in different tables by type, and each table is named with `jfs_` followed by its specific structure name to form the table name, e.g. `jfs_node`. Some tables use `Id` of the `bigserial` type as primary keys to ensure that each table has a primary key, and the `Id` columns do not contain actual information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata is stored in different tables by type, and each table is named with `jfs_` followed by its specific structure name to form the table name, e.g. `jfs_node`. Some tables use `Id` with the `bigserial` type as primary keys to ensure that each table has a primary key, and the `Id` columns do not contain actual information.
```

### 4.1 Finding files by path

> According to the design of [Edge](# 3.1.6-Edge), only the direct children of each directory is recorded in the metadata engine. When an application provides a path to access a file, JuiceFS needs to look it up level by level. Now suppose the application wants to open the file `/dir1/dir2/testfile`, then it needs to

Reviewer: Here the subject is 'children'.
```suggestion
According to the design of [Edge](# 3.1.6-Edge), only the direct children of each directory are recorded in the metadata engine. When an application provides a path to access a file, JuiceFS needs to look it up level by level. Now suppose the application wants to open the file `/dir1/dir2/testfile`, then it needs to
```

#### 4.3.1 Object naming

Block is the basic unit for JuiceFS to manage data. Its size is 4 MiB by default, and can be changed only when formatting a file system, within the interval [64 KiB, 16 MiB]. Each Block is an object in the object storage after upload, and is named in the format `${fsname}/chunks/${hash}/${basename}`, where

- fsname is the file system name
- "chunks" is a fixed string representing the data object of JuiceFS
- hash is the hash value calculated from basename, which plays a role in isolation management
- basename is the valid name of the object in the format of `${sliceId}_${index}_${size}`, where
  - sliceId is the ID of the Slice to which the object belongs, and each Slice in JuiceFS has a globally unique ID
  - index is the index of the object in the Slice it belongs to, by default a Slice can be split into at most 16 Blocks, so its value range is [0, 16)
  - size is the size of the Block, and by default it takes the value of (0, 4 MiB]

> There are two hash algorithms currently in use: with the sliceId in basename as the parameter, or chosen according to the [HashPrefix](#3.1.1-Setting) of the file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently there are two hash algorithm, both use the sliceId in basename as the parameter. The one really applied is chosen according to the [HashPrefix](#3.1.1-Setting) of the file system.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Currently there are two hash algorithms, and both use the sliceId in basename as the parameter. Which one will be chosen to use in the application follows the [HashPrefix](#3.1.1-Setting) of the file system.
```
后半句是这个意思不？
